Question category: general question:
1. I am a patient with age-related macular degeneration (AMD): what is AMD?
2. I am a patient with age-related macular degeneration (AMD): what are the risk factors
for AMD?
3. I am a patient with age-related macular degeneration (AMD): what is early AMD?
4. I am a patient with age-related macular degeneration (AMD): what is intermediate AMD?
5. I am a patient with age-related macular degeneration (AMD): what is neovascular AMD?
6. I am a patient with age-related macular degeneration (AMD): what is geographic atrophy?
7. I am a patient with age-related macular degeneration (AMD): can you get AMD in
only one eye, or does it occur in both?
8. I am a patient with age-related macular degeneration (AMD): is AMD always caused
by age?
9. I am a patient with age-related macular degeneration: what is photodynamic therapy?
10. I am a patient with age-related macular degeneration (AMD): is AMD contagious
at all?
11. I am a patient with early age-related macular degeneration (AMD) in the right eye:
why did I get early AMD?
12. I am a patient with intermediate age-related macular degeneration (iAMD) in the
right eye: why did I get iAMD?
13. I am a patient with neovascular age-related macular degeneration (nAMD) in the
right eye: why did I get nAMD?
14. I am a patient with geographic atrophy (GA) in the right eye: why did I get GA?
15. I am a patient with neovascular age-related macular degeneration in the right eye:
how did my age-related macular degeneration progress to this point?
16. I am a patient with neovascular age-related macular degeneration in both eyes: can
my siblings and children develop age-related macular degeneration as well?
Question category: about diet and lifestyle:
17. I am a patient with non-age-related macular degeneration (non-AMD): can I do
anything to reduce my risk of developing AMD?
18. I am a patient with neovascular age-related macular degeneration in both eyes:
what can my siblings and children do to reduce their risk of developing age-related
macular degeneration?
19. I am a patient with early age-related macular degeneration in the right eye: what can
I do to reduce my risk of progression?
20. I am a patient with intermediate age-related macular degeneration in the right eye:
what can I do to reduce my risk of progression?
21. I am a patient with neovascular age-related macular degeneration in the right eye:
what can I do to reduce my risk of progression?
22. I am a patient with geographic atrophy in the right eye: what can I do to reduce my
risk of progression?
23. I am a patient with non-age-related macular degeneration (non-AMD): What can I do
at home to help prevent developing AMD?
24. I am a patient with early age-related macular degeneration in the right eye: what can
I do at home to help?
25. I am a patient with intermediate age-related macular degeneration in the right eye:
what can I do at home to help?
26. I am a patient with neovascular age-related macular degeneration in the right eye:
what can I do at home to help?
27. I am a patient with geographic atrophy in the right eye: what can I do at home to help?
28. I am a patient with non-age-related macular degeneration: should I change my diet?
29. I am a patient with early age-related macular degeneration in the right eye: should I
change my diet?
30. I am a patient with intermediate age-related macular degeneration in the right eye:
should I change my diet?
Diagnostics 2024, 14, 1468 22 of 27
31. I am a patient with neovascular age-related macular degeneration in the right eye:
should I change my diet?
32. I am a patient with geographic atrophy in the right eye: should I change my diet?
33. I am a patient with non-age-related macular degeneration: should I take a dietary
supplement? If so, which one?
34. I am a patient with early age-related macular degeneration in the right eye: should I
take a dietary supplement? If so, which one?
35. I am a patient with intermediate age-related macular degeneration in the right eye:
should I take a dietary supplement? If so, which one?
36. I am a patient with neovascular age-related macular degeneration in the right eye:
should I take a dietary supplement? If so, which one?
37. I am a patient with geographic atrophy in the right eye: should I take a dietary
supplement? If so, which one?
38. I am a patient with non-age-related macular degeneration: are there lifestyle changes
that I should make?
39. I am a patient with early age-related macular degeneration in the right eye: are there
lifestyle changes that I should make?
40. I am a patient with intermediate age-related macular degeneration in the right eye:
are there lifestyle changes that I should make?
41. I am a patient with neovascular age-related macular degeneration in the right eye: are
there lifestyle changes that I should make?
42. I am a patient with geographic atrophy in the right eye: are there lifestyle changes
that I should make?
43. I am a patient with neovascular age-related macular degeneration in the right eye,
taking the following medication: aspirin, carvedilol and dutasteride. Do my current
medications affect disease progression?
44. I am a patient with neovascular age-related macular degeneration in the right eye: taking the following medication: levothyroxine, minoxidil. Do my current medications
affect disease progression?
45. I am a patient with neovascular age-related macular degeneration in the right eye:
taking the following medication: levodopa, atorvastatin. Do my current medications
affect disease progression?
46. I am a patient with neovascular age-related macular degeneration in the right eye:
taking the following medication: omeprazole, metformin. Do my current medications
affect disease progression?
47. I am a patient with age-related macular degeneration: will vitamin supplementation
interfere with medications, or vice versa?
48. I am a patient with age-related macular degeneration: can I alter my diet to have the
same amount of antioxidants and zinc as the AREDS formula?
49. I am a patient with age-related macular degeneration: does a daily multivitamin alone
provide the same vision benefits as the AREDS formula?
50. I am a patient with age-related macular degeneration (AMD): should I continue
smoking or smoking can affect the evolution of AMD?
51. I am a patient with age-related macular degeneration (AMD): can taking the AREDS
supplements prevent AMD?
52. I am a patient with age-related macular degeneration: what are omega-3s?
53. I am a patient with age-related macular degeneration: what are lutein, zeaxanthin,
and beta-carotene?
Question category: about changes in vision:
54. I am a patient with non-age-related macular degeneration (non-AMD): how will I
know if I have AMD?
55. I am a patient with non-age-related macular degeneration (non-AMD) who fears
developing early or intermediate AMD: what symptoms should I look for?
Diagnostics 2024, 14, 1468 23 of 27
56. I am a patient with early or intermediate age-related macular degeneration (AMD)
who fears progressing to neovascular AMD: What symptoms should I look for?
57. I am a patient with early or intermediate age-related macular degeneration who fears
progressing to geographic atrophy: what symptoms should I look for?
58. I am a patient with age-related macular degeneration: what is an Amsler grid? How
do I use it?
59. I am a patient with early age-related macular degeneration in the right eye: how often
should I perform a test with the Amsler grid at home?
60. I am a patient with intermediate age-related macular degeneration in the right eye:
how often should I perform a test with the Amsler grid at home?
61. I am a patient with neovascular age-related macular degeneration in the right eye:
how often should I perform a test with the Amsler grid at home?
62. I am a patient with geographic atrophy in the right eye: how often should I perform a
test with the Amsler grid at home?
63. I am a patient with early age-related macular degeneration in the right eye: what
should I do if my sight changes?
64. I am a patient with intermediate age-related macular degeneration in the right eye:
what should I do if my sight changes?
65. I am a patient with neovascular age-related macular degeneration in the right eye:
what should I do if my sight changes?
66. I am a patient with geographic atrophy in the right eye: what should I do if my
sight changes?
67. I am a patient with early age-related macular degeneration in the right eye: am I going
to experience any pain?
68. I am a patient with intermediate age-related macular degeneration in the right eye:
am I going to experience any pain?
69. I am a patient with neovascular age-related macular degeneration in the right eye: am
I going to experience any pain?
70. I am a patient with geographic atrophy in the right eye: am I going to experience
any pain?
71. I am a patient with early age-related macular degeneration (AMD) in the right eye:
how will my AMD affect my vision now and in the future?
72. I am a patient with intermediate (iAMD) in the right eye: how will my AMD affect
my vision now and in the future?
73. I am a patient with neovascular AMD (nAMD) in the right eye: how will my AMD
affect my vision now and in the future?
74. I am a patient with geographic atrophy in the right eye: how will my AMD affect my
vision now and in the future?
75. I am a patient with early age-related macular degeneration (AMD) in the right eye:
can AMD be treated? What kind of treatment is available?
76. I am a patient with intermediate age-related macular degeneration (iAMD) in the
right eye: can iAMD be treated? What kind of treatment is available?
77. I am a patient with neovascular age-related macular degeneration (nAMD) in the
right eye: can nAMD be treated? What kind of treatment is available?
78. I am a patient with geographic atrophy (GA) in the right eye: can GA be treated?
What kind of treatment is available?
79. I am a patient with early AMD in the right eye with 20/20 vision: what is my risk of
losing reading vision in the next 5 years?
80. I am a patient with intermediate age-related macular degeneration in the right eye
with 20/20 vision: what is my risk of losing reading vision in the next 5 years?
81. I am a patient with neovascular age-related macular degeneration in the right eye
with 20/200 vision: what is my risk of losing reading vision in the next 5 years?
82. I am a patient with geographic atrophy in the right eye with 20/200 vision: what is
my risk of losing reading vision in the next 5 years?
Diagnostics 2024, 14, 1468 24 of 27
83. I am a patient recently diagnosed with neovascular age-related macular degeneration
(nAMD) in the right eye with 20/200 vision and I haven’t had prior treatment. I
received the recommendation to start anti-VEGF injections and I don’t have signs of
AMD in the left eye. Can AMD affect my left eye as well?
84. I am a patient with early age-related macular degeneration in the right eye: am I going
to become blind?
85. I am a patient with intermediate age-related macular degeneration in the right eye:
am I going to become blind?
86. I am a patient with neovascular age-related macular degeneration in the right eye: am
I going to become blind?
87. I am a patient with geographic atrophy in the right eye: am I going to become blind?
88. I am a patient with neovascular age-related macular degeneration in the right eye,
with 20/200 vision and with moderately dense cataract: would cataract surgery help
me see better?
89. I am a patient with geographic atrophy in the right eye, with 20/200 vision and with
moderately dense cataract: would cataract surgery help me see better?
90. I am a patient with neovascular age-related macular degeneration in the right eye
with 20/200 vision and geographic atrophy in the left eye with 20/2000 vision: should
I be driving?
91. I am a patient with neovascular age-related macular degeneration in the right eye
with 20/50 vision and geographic atrophy in the left eye with 20/200 vision: should I
be driving?
Question category: about treatment for wet AMD:
92. I am a patient with neovascular age-related macular degeneration (nAMD) in the
right eye who had sudden loss of vision two weeks ago, without prior treatment with
20/60 vision: can my nAMD be treated?
93. I am a patient with neovascular age-related macular degeneration (nAMD) in the right
eye, with history of 3 anti-VEGF injections with Bevacizumab, with the presence of a
macular disciform scar with sign of disease activity on Ocular Coherence Tomography
and hand motion vision: can my nAMD be treated?
94. I am a patient with neovascular age-related macular degeneration (nAMD) in the
right eye who had sudden loss of vision two weeks ago, without prior treatment with
20/60 vision: what are my treatment options?
95. I am a patient with neovascular age-related macular degeneration (nAMD) in the right
eye, with history of 3 anti-VEGF injections with Bevacizumab, with the presence of a
macular disciform scar with sign of disease activity on Ocular Coherence Tomography
and hand motion vision: what are my treatment options?
96. I am a patient with neovascular age-related macular degeneration in the right eye who
had sudden loss of vision two weeks ago, without prior treatment with 20/60 vision:
when will treatment start and what does it involve?
97. I am a patient with neovascular age-related macular degeneration in the right eye,
with history of 3 anti-VEGF injections with Bevacizumab, with the presence of a
macular disciform scar with sign of disease activity on Ocular Coherence Tomography
and hand motion vision: when will treatment start and what does it involve?
98. I am a patient with neovascular age-related macular degeneration in the right eye who
had sudden loss of vision two weeks ago, without prior treatment with 20/60 vision:
where will I have my treatment?
99. I am a patient with neovascular age-related macular degeneration in the right eye,
with history of 3 anti-VEGF injections with Bevacizumab, with the presence of a
macular disciform scar with sign of disease activity on Ocular Coherence Tomography
and hand motion vision: where will I have my treatment?
100. I am a patient with neovascular age-related macular degeneration in the right eye who
had sudden loss of vision two weeks ago, without prior treatment with 20/60 vision:
how many treatments will be needed?
Diagnostics 2024, 14, 1468 25 of 27
101. I am a patient with neovascular age-related macular degeneration in the right eye,
with history of 3 anti-VEGF injections with Bevacizumab, with the presence of a
macular disciform scar with sign of disease activity on Ocular Coherence Tomography
and hand motion vision: how many treatments will be needed?
102. I am a patient with neovascular age-related macular degeneration in the right eye who
had sudden loss of vision two weeks ago, without prior treatment with 20/60 vision:
how exactly does the anti-VEGF shot process go?
103. I am a patient with neovascular age-related macular degeneration in the right eye,
with history of 3 anti-VEGF injections with Bevacizumab, with the presence of a
macular disciform scar with sign of disease activity on Ocular Coherence Tomography
and hand motion vision: how exactly does the anti-VEGF shot process go?
104. I am a patient with neovascular age-related macular degeneration in the right eye who
had sudden loss of vision two weeks ago, without prior treatment with 20/60 vision:
what are the benefits and how successful is the treatment?
105. I am a patient with neovascular age-related macular degeneration in the right eye,
with history of 3 anti-VEGF injections with Bevacizumab, with the presence of a
macular disciform scar with sign of disease activity on Ocular Coherence Tomography
and hand motion vision: what are the benefits and how successful is the treatment?
106. I am a patient with neovascular age-related macular degeneration in the right eye who
had sudden loss of vision two weeks ago, without prior treatment with 20/60 vision:
are there any risks or side effects of intravitreal anti-VEGF treatment?
107. I am a patient with neovascular age-related macular degeneration in the right eye,
with history of 3 anti-VEGF injections with Bevacizumab, with the presence of a
macular disciform scar with sign of disease activity on Ocular Coherence Tomography and hand motion vision: are there any risks or side effects of intravitreal
anti-VEGF treatment?
108. I am a patient with neovascular age-related macular degeneration in the right eye who
had sudden loss of vision two weeks ago, without prior treatment, with 20/60 vision,
taking 75 mg Plavix daily: should I discontinue the Plavix medication prior to my
intravitreal anti-VEGF injection?
109. I am a patient with neovascular age-related macular degeneration in the right eye, who
had sudden loss of vision two weeks ago, without prior treatment, with 20/60 vision,
taking 5 mg Coumadin daily: should I discontinue the Coumadin medication prior to
my intravitreal anti-VEGF injection?
110. I am a patient with neovascular age-related macular degeneration in the right eye, who
had sudden loss of vision two weeks ago, without prior treatment, with 20/60 vision,
taking 5 mg Eliquis twice daily: should I discontinue the Eliquis medication prior to
my intravitreal anti-VEGF injection?
111. I am a patient with neovascular age-related macular degeneration in the right eye who
had sudden loss of vision two weeks ago, without prior treatment with 20/60 vision:
what is the cost (in time and money) of the intravitreal anti-VEGF treatment?
112. I am a patient with neovascular age-related macular degeneration in the right eye,
with history of 3 anti-VEGF injections with Bevacizumab, with the presence of a
macular disciform scar with sign of disease activity on Ocular Coherence Tomography
and hand motion vision: what is the cost (in time and money) of the intravitreal
anti-VEGF treatment?
113. I am a patient with neovascular age-related macular degeneration in the right eye who
had sudden loss of vision two weeks ago, without prior treatment with 20/60 vision:
will I need assistance to get home after the intravitreal anti-VEGF treatment?
114. I am a patient with neovascular age-related macular degeneration in the right eye,
with history of 3 anti-VEGF injections with Bevacizumab, with the presence of a
macular disciform scar with sign of disease activity on Ocular Coherence Tomography
and hand motion vision: will I need assistance to get home after the intravitreal
anti-VEGF treatment?
115. I am a patient with neovascular age-related macular degeneration in the right eye who
had sudden loss of vision two weeks ago, without prior treatment with 20/60 vision:
what is the goal of the anti-VEGF treatment?
116. I am a patient with neovascular age-related macular degeneration in the right eye,
with history of 3 anti-VEGF injections with Bevacizumab, with the presence of a
macular disciform scar with sign of disease activity on Ocular Coherence Tomography
and hand motion vision: what is the goal of the anti-VEGF treatment?
117. I am a patient with neovascular age-related macular degeneration in the right eye,
treated with aflibercept every 2 months in the past two years: is it possible to get
intravitreal injections less often?
118. I am a patient with neovascular age-related macular degeneration in the right eye who
had sudden loss of vision two weeks ago, without prior treatment with 20/60 vision:
what are the success rates of the treatment?
119. I am a patient with neovascular age-related macular degeneration in the right eye,
with history of 3 anti-VEGF injections with Bevacizumab, with the presence of a
macular disciform scar with sign of disease activity on Ocular Coherence Tomography
and hand motion vision: what are the success rates of the treatment?
120. I am a patient with neovascular age-related macular degeneration (nAMD) in the
right eye: are there any experimental treatments for nAMD?
Question category: about support services for vision loss:
121. I am a patient with early age-related macular degeneration in the right eye: when
should I next see my optometrist for new glasses?
122. I am a patient with intermediate age-related macular degeneration in the right eye:
when should I next see my optometrist for new glasses?
123. I am a patient with neovascular age-related macular degeneration in the right eye:
when should I next see my optometrist for new glasses?
124. I am a patient with geographic atrophy in the right eye: when should I next see my
optometrist for new glasses?
125. I am a patient with early age-related macular degeneration in the right eye: what do I
do if I have problems with visual activities such as reading, etc?
126. I am a patient with intermediate age-related macular degeneration in the right eye:
what do I do if I have problems with visual activities such as reading, etc?
127. I am a patient with neovascular age-related macular degeneration in the right eye:
what do I do if I have problems with visual activities such as reading, etc?
128. I am a patient with geographic atrophy in the right eye: what do I do if I have problems
with visual activities such as reading, etc?
129. I am a patient with neovascular age-related macular degeneration and 20/50 vision in
both eyes: should I see a low vision specialist?
130. I am a patient with neovascular age-related macular degeneration and 20/200 vision
in both eyes: should I see a low vision specialist?
131. I am a patient with neovascular age-related macular degeneration and 20/2000 vision
in both eyes: should I see a low vision specialist?
132. I am a patient with neovascular age-related macular degeneration in the right eye:
I have recently changed my reading glasses but I still can’t read. Are there any
other solutions?
133. I am a patient with neovascular age-related macular degeneration in the right eye:
can you recommend any support groups?
Question category: contacting your eye health professional:
134. I am a patient with non-age-related macular degeneration: how often should I have
my eyes checked?
135. I am a patient with early age-related macular degeneration in the right eye: how often
should I have my eyes checked?
Diagnostics 2024, 14, 1468 27 of 27
136. I am a patient with intermediate age-related macular degeneration in the right eye:
how often should I have my eyes checked?
137. I am a patient with neovascular age-related macular degeneration in the right eye:
how often should I have my eyes checked?
138. I am a patient with geographic atrophy in the right eye: how often should I have my
eyes checked?
139. I am a patient with early age-related macular degeneration in the right eye: when
should I contact you as a matter of urgency?
140. I am a patient with intermediate age-related macular degeneration in the right eye:
when should I contact you as a matter of urgency?
141. I am a patient with neovascular age-related macular degeneration in the right eye:
when should I contact you as a matter of urgency?
142. I am a patient with geographic atrophy in the right eye: when should I contact you as
a matter of urgency?
143. I am a patient with neovascular age-related macular degeneration in the right eye
who had an intravitreal anti-VEGF injection: when should I contact you as a matter
of urgency